♪ GO! ♪
Charlie: LIFE IS ALL ABOUT
THE CHOICES YOU MAKE.
[ COUGHS ]
WHAT'S FOR BREAKFAST --
EGGS OR PANCAKES?
SHOULD YOU TAKE THE ELEVATOR
OR THE STAIRS?
FOR ME, THERE'S ONLY ONE
CHOICE RIGHT NOW.
BLINK ONCE FOR YES,
TWICE FOR NO.
BUT FOR EVERYONE ELSE,
THINGS HAVE A WAY OF GETTING
VERY COMPLICATED VERY QUICKLY.
ALL OF THOSE TINY,
INSIGNIFICANT CHOICES YOU MADE
ADD UP TO...
HOW DID I GET HERE?
OR HERE.
AND ESPECIALLY HERE.
SO HOW DID THEY?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK.
IT ALL STARTED
24 SHORT HOURS AGO.
AND THIS IS FROM MY COUSIN
IN EL SEGUNDO.
AH! MANUEL RUIZ.
HE SAID I CAN LIVE WITH HIM
AFTER I LEAVE THE HOSPITAL.
HIS WIFE'S FAMILY
OWNS A CAR DEALERSHIP,
SO I CAN HELP AROUND THE OFFICE
AFTER SCHOOL.
IT'S NOT A LOT OF MONEY,
BUT I LISTED IT ON THE INCOME
AND EXPENSE DECLARATION.
I ALSO HAVE PROOF OF ENROLLMENT
AT A NEARBY HIGH SCHOOL.
NICE TOUCH.
JUDGES LIKE TO SEE
THAT EMANCIPATED MINORS
STILL TAKE THEIR
EDUCATION SERIOUSLY.
AND NOW THAT WE'VE GOT
THE COMPLETED APPLICATION,
YOUR MOTHER'S CONSENT,
ALL WE NEED IS THE FILING FEE.
THERE'S A FILING FEE?
YEAH. THEY BURY IT
IN THE FINE PRINT.
THERE IT IS -- $395.
YOU CAN FILE A PETITION
WITH THE JUDGE TO WAIVE IT,
BUT IF YOU DO, THEY USUALLY
TAKE IT AS A SIGN
THAT YOU'RE NOT READY
FOR ADULTHOOD.
WHAT, BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
$400 LYING AROUND?
I KNOW, RIGHT?
GOOD THING I'M NOT TRYING
TO GET EMANCIPATED.
I'D BE TOTALLY SCREWED.
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE, LISTEN UP.
GOT A NEW GAME PLAN FOR TODAY.
EMMA, DR. SAMUELS MOVED
YOUR APPOINTMENT UP TO 10:00.
LEO, YOU'RE LEAVING STRAIGHT
FROM HERE AND GOING TO P.T.
EVERYBODY ELSE IS GONNA STAY
IN THIS CLASSROOM
AND TRY TO LEARN SOMETHING.
MOST IMPORTANTLY,
I WANT EVERYONE TO STEER CLEAR
OF CHARLIE'S ROOM.
DOCTOR TODAY IS GONNA BE
IN THERE
DOING SOME VERY IMPORTANT WORK.
UM, EXCUSE ME.
WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO GO
FOR MY QUIET REPOSE?
THAT'S MY ROOM, TOO.
I'M SURE YOU'LL THINK
OF SOMETHING -- OOH!
WHICH REMINDS ME.
YOU'LL BE WEARING THIS TODAY.
SO...
KEY WORD FOR TODAY
IS "QUIET."
GET THAT, PEOPLE?
"QUIET."
GET YOUR HANDS
OFF MY VODKA!
OH, MY GOD,
IS THAT DELANEY SHAW?
LET GO OF ME!
THIS IS AMERICA, ISN'T IT?
I STILL HAVE MY RIGHTS,
DON'T I?!
HELLO! SOMEBODY READ ME
THE EIGHTH AMENDMENT!
MY GOD, IT IS HER.
READ ME MY RIGHTS!
YOU KNOW SHE JUST CAME OUT
WITH HER OWN CLOTHING LINE?
SHE NEEDS ONE.
HER MUSIC SUCKS.
OH, SHE'S NOT THAT TERRIBLE.
SHE'S JUST, UH...
OVER?
SHE NEEDS TO BE OVER ME.
ON WHAT PLANET DO YOU HAVE
A SHOT AT DELANEY SHAW?
PLANET HOSPITAL,
WHERE THE COMPETITION
IS DRASTICALLY REDUCED.
PLUS, THAT GIRL IS A HOT MESS.
SHE'LL SLEEP WITH ANYBODY.
YOU GOT TO LOVE THAT
IN A WOMAN.
IS THAT DELANEY SHAW?
YO, CHILL, MAN.
I JUST CALLED SHOTGUN.
SHE'S A PERSON, NOT A CAR.
Jackson: ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
ARE WE DONE?
YOU TWO, THERAPY.
EVERYBODY ELSE,
EDUCATION AND QUIET.
NO.
YO, MAN, CAPISCE?
WE GOT AN UNDERSTANDING?
YEAH, SHE'S ALL YOURS.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
UH, HI.
IS YOUR NAME DEBBIE?
OH, MY GOD.
AREN'T YOU --
NEVER MIND.
I THINK DEBBIE'S ASIAN.
UM, DO YOU HAVE
ANY CIGARETTES?
UH, I DO NOT,
AND I'M SURE YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT THERE IS NO SMOKING --
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS THIS?
[ GASPS ]
THIS IS THE SADDEST DRESS
I'VE EVER SEEN.
IT LOOKS LIKE
A GIANT DOILY.
KENJI?
THERE YOU ARE.
WHAT HAPPENED TO WAITING FOR ME
IN YOUR ROOM?
DID I SAY
I WAS GONNA DO THAT?
HMM.
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE ME.
OH.
UNLESS I'M GETTING
THE CUTE DOCTOR.
[ GASPS ]
IN THAT CASE, LEAD THE WAY.
YOU'RE GETTING ME
AND A BLOOD DRAW,
AND IF YOU'RE GOOD,
POSSIBLY A CHEST X-RAY.
IT'S THE LACE.
LACE MAKES PEOPLE THINK
OF DOILIES.
DON'T LISTEN
TO QUEEN CRAZY.
THAT DRESS IS GONNA KILL
ON YOUR DATE TONIGHT.
YOU GOT A DATE TONIGHT?
YEP! FIRST ONE
SINCE THE BIG BREAKUP.
89% COMPATIBILITY,
THOUGH, SO [CHUCKLES]
I MEAN, I'M NOT REALLY
AN ONLINE KIND OF GAL,
BUT GOT TO GET OUT THERE,
AS THEY SAY.
HOW ELSE ARE YOU GONNA MEET
THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE?
YEAH. I'M SURE YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE A GREAT TIME.
DR. GRACE!
OH, DR. McANDREW.
NICE TIE.
WHY, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IS THAT DELANEY SHAW?
TO WHAT DO WE, UH,
OWE THAT PLEASURE?
OHH! SHE'S EXHAUSTED.
POOR GIRL IS JUST EXHAUSTED.
DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS
TO BE A TEEN POP STAR?
YES -- NO, I DON'T.
[ Laughing ] NEITHER DO I,
THANK GOD.
HEY, HOW IS OUR HEMP-WEARING
FRIEND, DR. NADAY?
OH, HE'S GOOD.
HE ACTUALLY, UH,
SET UP CHARLIE'S
COMPUTER INTERFACE,
SO BY THE END OF THE DAY,
THE KID SHOULD BE
TALKING UP A STORM.
HOPEFULLY THE DEVICE IS JUST
A TEMPORARY STOPGAP
[SNAPS FINGERS] TILL
HE'S TALKING ON HIS OWN.
THAT'S GREAT NEWS.
I KNOW IT WAS A BIT
OF A ROCKY START,
BUT MUTUAL RESPECT, RIGHT?
TEAMWORK.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
I RESPECT HIM.
HE RESPECTS ME.
NO, ACTUALLY,
I MEANT WITH US,
YOU AND ME.
NO. WHAT DO --
WHAT DO YOU MEAN WITH US?
LOOK AT US.
WE'RE SORT OF
THE TEXTBOOK EXAMPLE
OF WHY YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO GET INVOLVED
WITH A COLLEAGUE.
BECAUSE WHEN IT ENDS,
YOU STILL HAVE TO SEE THEM
EVERY DAY,
AND IT'S ALL RIGHT THERE
ON THE SURFACE --
ALL THE HISTORY,
ALL THE BAD FEELINGS.
I DO RECALL
SOME GOOD FEELINGS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AW.
I MISS YOU, ADAM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M GLAD THIS IS ALL
GOING SO WELL.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WAIT, WAIT.
I HAVE TO TAKE THIS OFF.
YEAH, ME TOO.
WHAT? NO.
I MEANT MY HEART MONITOR.
WHEN MY HEART RATE GOES UP,
IT SENDS SOME KIND OF BAT SIGNAL
TO NURSE JACKSON.
MM, HEART MONITOR.
[ Moaning ] OH, YEAH.
SAY IT AGAIN.
MM, HEART MONITOR.
PULMONARY EMBOLISM.
[ MOANS ]
AORTIC ANEURYSM.
Jackson:
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ GASPS ] OH, MY GOD!
HELLO! CAN'T A PERSON GET
A LITTLE PRIVACY AROUND HERE?
NOT WHEN SHE TAKES OFF
HER HEART MONITOR.
WHAT? YOU MEAN IT GOES OFF EVEN
WHEN I'M NOT CONNECTED TO IT?
LIKE A SMOKE ALARM
THAT NEEDS NEW BATTERIES.
HUNTER, I NEED TO SPEAK WITH
KARA FOR A MOMENT IN PRIVATE.
TAKE YOUR SHIRT, HON.
[ SIGHS ] RIGHT.
[ CHUCKLES ] SORRY.
[ GROANS ]
KARA...
IS THAT REALLY HOW YOU WANT
TO CONDUCT YOURSELF?
OH, MY GOD. WHAT ARE YOU, PART
OF SOME WEIRD RELIGIOUS ORDER?
YES, THIS IS EXACTLY HOW
I WANT TO CONDUCT MYSELF.
EVEN IF IT ENDS
WITH YOU GETTING HURT?
WELL, IF I'M GONNA HAVE
A HEART ATTACK AND DIE,
IT MAY AS WELL
BE DURING SEX.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
OKAY, FINE. WHATEVER.
I'LL TAKE A VOW OF CHASTITY.
ARE YOU HAPPY?
LISTEN, I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THIS,
BUT YOU AND HUNTER --
YOU SHOULD NOT...BE.
IT'S FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
[ SIGHS ]
I SWEAR
I'VE NEVER FELT BETTER.
AND YOUR JOURNAL?
YOU'VE STOPPED WRITING DOWN
YOUR FOOD INTAKE.
NOT COMPLETELY, BUT IT'S NOT
AS INTENSE AS IT USED TO BE.
LIKE, THE OTHER DAY,
A BUNCH OF US WENT OUT,
AND WE ATE
ALL THIS JUNK FOOD --
YOU KNOW, CHIPS AND HOT DOGS
AND EVERYTHING.
AND YOU PARTICIPATED?
IT'S BEEN EASIER
TO PARTICIPATE LATELY.
AND AFTER YOU ATE
WITH EVERYBODY,
HOW DID THAT MAKE YOU FEEL?
[ CLATTER ]
GREAT!
I FELT REALLY STRONG.
[ GRUNTS ]
NOBODY'S BODY IS PERFECT.
THREE MORE.
YOU GOT THIS.
Emma:
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
OUR BODIES ARE MEANT
TO FUNCTION --
WALKING, LIFTING,
MOVING US
THROUGH THE WORLD.
THAT IS WHAT OUR BODIES
ARE ACTUALLY FOR.
AND I AM BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND
THAT IT'S NOT TO BE THIN
OR TO LOOK A CERTAIN WAY.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IS TO BE HEALTHY
AND TO LISTEN
TO YOUR BODY.
AND WHEN YOU HAVE
A SETBACK?
[ GROANS ]
GOOD. IF YOU'RE GONNA FALL,
THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT.
Emma:
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY SETBACK?
EMMA,
WHEN YOU FIRST GOT HERE,
YOU THOUGHT THAT IF YOU ATE
SOMETHING BAD, YOU WERE BAD.
YOU WERE A FAILURE.
YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE DOOMED.
YES.
AND I'VE LEARNED
THAT THAT'S NOT TRUE.
FOOD IS NOT THE ENEMY.
IT IS A VITAL PART OF LIFE,
AND WE NEED IT
TO STAY ALIVE.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN SUSTAIN
THAT KIND OF THINKING
IF YOU WERE HOME?
HOME?
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU'RE -- YOU'RE JOKING, RIGHT?
YOU'RE SAYING I COULD ACTUALLY
GO HOME EARLY?
WELL, THERE'S A PROCESS.
WE'VE GOT TO TALK
TO THE DOCTORS,
GET THEIR INPUT,
BUT YOU'VE BEEN CANCER FREE
FOR EIGHT WEEKS NOW,
AND YOU'RE AT LEAST
A WEEK AHEAD
OF WHERE I THOUGHT YOU'D BE
WITH THE PROSTHETIC.
Emma: IT'S JUST, UH...
IT'S -- IT'S KIND OF IMPOSSIBLE
TO BELIEVE, YOU KNOW,
THAT I'M ACTUALLY WELL ENOUGH
TO GO HOME.
EMMA,
THE NUMBERS DON'T LIE.
YOUR BODY TEMPERATURE
IS ALMOST NORMAL AT 98.1,
YOUR DAYTIME HEART RATE
IS IN THE 60s,
AND YOU'RE JUST HALF A POUND
AWAY FROM YOUR GOAL WEIGHT.
THAT'S PRETTY IMPRESSIVE
FOR A YOUNG LADY WHO WALKED
IN HERE AT 83 POUNDS.
I'D HAVE TO RUN IT BY THE REST
OF THE STAFF, OF COURSE, BUT --
BUT IF THEY AGREE?
YOU'LL BE PACKING
YOUR BAGS.
HOW DOES THAT
MAKE YOU FEEL, EMMA?
GREAT. [ CHUCKLES ]
IT MAKES ME FEEL GREAT.
Delaney:
♪ ALREADY GOT ENOUGH ♪
♪ I WENT DOWN BY THE OCEAN ♪
♪ BEEN THROUGH WAVES
OF EMOTION ♪
♪ THEY TRY TO SELL ME
ALL THESE THINGS ♪
♪ BUT LOVE IS REALLY
ALL I NEED ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THEY'RE FUSSING 'BOUT ♪
♪ I DON'T CARE WHAT
THEY TALKING 'BOUT ♪
♪ EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE OKAY ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THEY'RE WAITING FOR ♪
DO YOU SEE WHAT I'M SEEING?
♪ I KNOW THERE'S GOT TO BE
SOMETHING MORE ♪
OH, COME ON.
I MEAN, GIVE HIM A BREAK.
BOYS HIS AGE -- THEY NEED --
THEY NEED PRACTICE WITH GIRLS.
MM. SOME OF THEM
STILL NEED IT IN THEIR 30s,
EVEN PAST THE POINT
WHERE THEY'RE OLD AND GRAY.
PREMATURELY GRAY.
♪ EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE OKAY ♪
POINT TAKEN.
LISTEN, I-I KNOW I DON'T HAVE
THE BEST TRACK RECORD
WHEN IT COMES TO WOMEN.
BUT GUESS WHAT --
I'M READY TO MAKE A CHANGE.
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE THIS IS GOING,
BUT IT CAN'T POSSIBLY
BE GOOD.
I'M THINKING ABOUT GETTING BACK
TOGETHER WITH ERIN.
DOES STUPIDITY
RUN IN YOUR FAMILY?
I'LL TAKE THAT
AS YOUR BLESSING.
DO YOU REALIZE
BY THE END OF THE WEEK,
WE COULD BOTH BE BACK HOME,
SLEEPING IN OUR OWN BEDS,
GETTING
OUR REAL LIVES BACK?
I KNOW.
IT'S ALL HAPPENING SO QUICKLY.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
YOU'RE NOT PSYCHED?
I'M JUST STILL PROCESSING.
TO GET MY HOPES UP
THAT I DON'T GET OUT, SO --
YOU WILL.
WE BOTH WILL.
DO YOU HAVE
A CRYSTAL BALL?
I HAVE A DELUDED
SENSE OF CONFIDENCE.
MY PHYSICAL THERAPIST SAYS
IT'S THE SECRET TO MY SUCCESS.
HEY, YOU OKAY?
YES.
REALLY?
WHAT AREN'T YOU TELLING ME?
NOTHING.
OH, MY GOD.
EMMA, WE'RE NOT GONNA BREAK UP
WHEN WE GET OUT OF HERE.
I MEAN, IT COULD HAPPEN.
NO, IT WON'T.
IT'S REALLY NOT THAT FAR
FROM L.A. TO BAKERSFIELD.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE GONNA
FIGURE IT OUT, I PROMISE.
OLD MAN RIVER SEEMS LIKE
A GOOD PROSPECT.
A PROSPECT FOR WHAT?
NURSE JACKSON NEEDS A HEARTBEAT,
SHE CAN HAVE THIS ONE.
AND THIS WILL BUY US
HOW MUCH TIME?
AS MUCH AS YOU NEED.
[ BELL DINGS ]
I SURE HOPE OLD MAN RIVER
CAN KEEP A SECRET.
WAIT.
YOU BROUGHT A CONDOM, RIGHT?
I'LL FIND ONE.
I'M ALL OVER IT.
SURE, UH...
HEALTHY CHOICES THERE.
[ LAUGHS ]
WAIT, ARE THOSE ANCHOVIES?
HIGH IN OMEGA-3s.
SO YOU'VE BEEN LYING TO ME
ABOUT YOUR PIZZA PREFERENCE
THIS WHOLE TIME?
[ LAUGHS ]
I STARTED EATING THEM IN AFRICA.
SARDINES, ACTUALLY,
BUT, YOU KNOW, SAME THING.
MY MOM WAS WORRIED I WASN'T
GETTING ENOUGH PROTEIN,
SO SHE WOULD SEND ME
THESE MONTHLY CARE PACKAGES,
AND THEY TRAVEL WELL,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE PACKED LIKE --
LIKE SARDINES.
THAT'S VERY FUNNY, ERIN.
THERE YOU ARE.
I ACCIDENTALLY TOOK YOUR KEYS
THIS MORNING.
OH, HI.
HI.
SORRY, MAN.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO CUT IN LINE.
OH.
UM, SAM, ADAM.
ADAM, SAM.
UH...
NICE TO MEET YOU.
THAT'S A HELL
OF A HANDSHAKE.
ADAM IS A WORK COLLEAGUE.
WE WENT TO
MED SCHOOL TOGETHER.
AND HE'S ONE OF THE BEST
PEDIATRIC SURGEONS
IN THE COUNTRY.
WOW.
IMPRESSIVE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SAM AND I MET IN SENEGAL.
HE WORKS FOR THE I.R.C.
ON CLEAN-WATER ISSUES.
ALSO IMPRESSIVE.
YOU LIVE HERE NOW IN L.A.?
I'M, UM, THINKING ABOUT IT.
I'M STAYING WITH ERIN
IN BETWEEN GIGS,
BUT IT CERTAINLY FEELS LIKE
A PLACE I CAN GET USED TO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, THAT'S GREAT.
EXCUSE ME.
I'M -- I'M SO SORRY.
YOU KNOW, I-I HAVE ROUNDS,
AND, UH,
UM, I'LL LEAVE YOU THIS
FOR THE BANANA. THANK YOU.
UM, NICE TO MEET YOU.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY OUT.
GET OUT!
GO, GO! LET'S GO!
EXCEPT YOU.
COME HERE.
WHY DON'T I KNOW YOU?
WELL, I'M "DASH" HOSNEY,
UH, OCEAN PARK
HOSPITALITY LIAISON.
AND IF I MAY SAY UP CLOSE
AND PERSONAL LIKE THIS,
YOU DO NOT LOOK EXHAUSTED
AT ALL.
YOU LOOK DAMN FINE.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU IN FOR?
HERE.
WELL, UH, I HAVE A...
A NONCONTAGIOUS,
YET LIFE-THREATENING DISEASE.
SO, YOU'RE DYING?
EVEN WORSE.
I'M DYING WITHOUT EVER
FULLY EXPERIENCING THE RAPTURE
THAT COMES FROM HAVING SEX
WITH ONE OF PEOPLE'S
MOST BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE.
[ Laughing ] OH, MY GOD!
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT WAS SO LAME.
OKAY, I AM NOT ABOUT
TO WASTE MY VAJAZZLING
ON THE MAKE-A-WISH
FOUNDATION.
IS THAT A YES OR A NO?
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET.
TAKE OFF YOUR SHIRT.
LET ME SEE THE GOODS.
[ EXHALES SLOWLY ]
UH, EXCUSE ME.
MS. SHAW?
NOBODY'S HOME RIGHT NOW.
CAN YOU COME BACK LATER, PLEASE?
UH, MY NAME
IS JORDI PALACIOS.
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU'D BE COMFORTABLE
INTRODUCING ME TO YOUR MANAGER,
BRIAN KAVANAUGH.
I'M A SINGER/SONGWRITER.
ARE YOU DYING, TOO?
I AM PRETTY FULL OF CANCER
AT THE MOMENT.
FASCINATING.
LET ME THINK ABOUT THIS
FOR A MOMENT.
OKAY.
I WILL GIVE YOU 10 MINUTES
WITH MY MANAGER.
SERIOUSLY?
FOR 10 PAINKILLERS.
PAINKILLERS?
PAINKILLERS, YES --
MUSCLE RELAXERS,
SEROTONIN INHIBITORS.
I'M REALLY NOT PICKY, SO --
NO, IT'S NOT THAT.
IT'S JUST THEY DON'T
GIVE ME THAT.
THEY ONLY GIVE IT TO YOU
WHEN YOU REALLY NEED IT.
OH. WELL...
I REALLY NEED IT,
AND YOU REALLY NEED 10 MINUTES
WITH MY MANAGER.
I'M SURE
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
I'M TIRED NOW.
YOU BOYS CAN GO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT ABOUT THE --
NIGHT-NIGHT.
[ THE WEALTHY WEST'S
"ALL I NEED" PLAYS ]
♪ I WOKE UP
TO THE MORNING LIGHT ♪
♪ AND I SEE THE SUN
IS SHINING BRIGHT ♪
♪ AND ALL THE CLOUDS, WELL,
THEY'RE STARTING TO DISAPPEAR ♪
10 MINUTES WITH ONE OF
THE BIGGEST MANAGERS OUT THERE.
I KNOW I CAN
BLOW THIS GUY AWAY.
TOO BAD IT'S ILLEGAL
TO SELL PHARMACEUTICALS.
YOU AND LEO GET PEOPLE DRUGS
ALL THE TIME.
MEDICAL MARIJUANA
IS A DIFFERENT STORY.
[ SIGHS ]
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I'M NOT MESSING AROUND
WITH NO 'SCRIPS.
LOOK, JORDI, I KNOW YOU WANT
TO BE A SINGER AND ALL THAT.
NO, I-I DON'T WANT
TO BE A SINGER.
I NEED TO BE A SINGER.
THIS COULD SOLVE
ALL MY PROBLEMS.
THIS IS MY WAY IN.
THE MUSIC HAS ALWAYS
BEEN MY DREAM,
AND NOW I JUST HAPPEN TO BE
IN THE SAME HOSPITAL
WITH ONE OF THE BIGGEST
POP STARS IN THE WORLD?
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S AN ACCIDENT.
JORDI --
NO, MAYBE THAT'S THE REASON I
GOT CANCER IN THE FIRST PLACE --
SO MY DREAM
COULD FINALLY COME TRUE.
WOULDN'T THAT BE SOMETHING?
OH, HI.
CAREFUL.
I THINK THAT'S DECAF.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
WHAT COULD
POSSIBLY BE WRONG?
YOUR TONE.
YOUR TONE IS DEFINITELY IMPLYING
THAT SOMETHING IS WRONG.
I MEAN, ADMITTEDLY,
IT'S NOT AS -- AS SWEET
AS "I MISS YOU, ADAM,"
AND THEN TOUCHING MY ARM.
I NEVER TOUCHED YOUR ARM.
YEAH, YOU DID,
AND THEN YOU BLINDSIDED ME
WITH, UH, YOSEMITE SAM.
I DID NOT!
I MEAN, PARADING
YOUR NEW BOYFRIEND
IN FRONT OF YOUR OLD BOYFRIEND
JUST TO MAKE HIM JEALOUS?
THAT'S, UH --
THAT SEEMS BENEATH YOU.
WOW. I AM SURPRISED.
BUT MAYBE I SHOULDN'T BE,
BECAUSE THIS IS YOU,
THE REAL YOU,
CHILDISH,
COMPLETELY FULL OF YOURSELF.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS THAT YOU
BROKE UP WITH ME!
OH.
DO YOU REMEMBER THAT?!
DOES THAT RING ANY BELLS
FOR YOU?
AND IT TOOK ME AN ENTIRE YEAR
TO GET OVER YOU,
A YEAR OF LIVING IN AFRICA
IN FAMINE AND DISEASE.
AND NOW I'M SUPPOSED TO FEEL BAD
ABOUT MOVING ON?
COME ON.
I MEAN, YOU ARE REALLY GOOD
AT WORKING WITH KIDS,
BUT IT'S BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT
TO GROW UP
AND YOU DON'T WANT
TO BE COMMITTED TO
ANYBODY OR ANYTHING.
I-I DON'T WANT
TO BE COMMITTED?
NO.
UM, WHO'S THE ONE
THAT WENT TO AFRICA?
UM --
I'M STILL HERE.
I HAVEN'T LEFT!
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO,
PACK UP ALL MY STUFF
AND GO WITH YOU?
YEAH, BECAUSE NO GUY
WOULD EVER DO THAT.
OH, DON'T --
INSTEAD, I NEED TO GIVE UP
ON MY DREAMS
FOR THE INCREDIBLE HONOR
OF BEING IN A RELATIONSHIP
WITH YOU ON FACEBOOK
THREE YEARS.
THREE YEARS
WE WERE TOGETHER,
AND NOT ONE TIME DID YOU EVER
MENTION MARRIAGE --
WHICH, BY THE WAY,
IT'S TOTALLY FINE WITH ME,
BECAUSE...IT'S JUST NOT
WHO YOU ARE,
IS IT?
LESSON LEARNED.
WHAT YOU'RE WITNESSING HERE
IS A HEIST.
STEP ONE --
LOOK FOR AN EASY MARK.
NOPE.
KID'S GOT A BODYGUARD.
JACKPOT!
HI, MS. RIVKIN.
IT'S REALLY COMING ALONG.
OH, HEY, KIDDO.
CRAZY, HUH?
I TOLD MY DAUGHTER
I'D QUIT CROCHETING
WHEN THE CANCER QUITS ME...
OR I CROAK.
NEXT, EARN THE MARK'S TRUST.
HOW ARE THE GRANDKIDS?
WASN'T LITTLE SALLY
ABOUT TO LOSE A TOOTH?
OH, AREN'T YOU SWEET
FOR ALWAYS ASKING?
[ GASPS ]
BE A DEAR AND GRAB MY PHONE.
I'VE GOT ANOTHER PICTURE
IN THERE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
STEP THREE --
EXECUTE THE PLAN.
JORDI.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UH, GETTING CHEMO.
YOU'RE DONE
WITH YOUR FIRST ROUND.
YOUR SECOND ROUND'S NOT
SCHEDULED TILL NEXT WEEK.
OH. THOUGHT IT WAS TODAY.
MUST BE MY CHEMO BRAIN.
BYE, MS. RIVKIN.
BYE, HONEY.
OH, AND DID I FORGET
TO MENTION,
MAKE A FAST GETAWAY?
GUESS WHEN YOU SPEND
YOUR CHILDHOOD
IN BACKROOM POKER GAMES,
HUSTLING COMES AS NATURALLY
AS RIDING A BIKE.
YOU NEVER FORGET HOW.
I NEED A CONDOM.
EXCUSE ME?
A CONDOM,
A PROPHYLACTIC.
IT'S A FORM
OF BIRTH CONTROL,
KIND OF LIKE THE DRESS
YOU'RE HOLDING UP.
I DON'T HAVE ANY CONDOMS.
OH, MY GOD, PLEASE.
YOU AND LEO MUST
BE DOING IT BY NOW.
YOU'VE BEEN TOGETHER
FOREVER.
YOU AND I CLEARLY HAVE
A DIFFERENT DEFINITION
OF THE WORD "FOREVER"
AND VERY DIFFERENT IDEAS
ABOUT SEX, I WOULD IMAGINE.
OKAY, SEX IS NOT AN IDEA.
IT'S SOMETHING YOU DO
WHEN YOU LIKE SOMEONE.
NO, IT'S SOMETHING YOU DO WHEN
YOU'RE ATTRACTED TO SOMEONE.
SAME DIFF.
ATTRACTION AND LOVE
ARE NOT THE SAME.
EVEN YOU'RE NOT THAT STUPID.
AND YOU'RE NOT THAT NAIVE.
YOU DON'T NEED TO BE IN LOVE
TO HAVE SEX.
YOU JUST NEED A CONDOM.
SO, DO YOU HAVE ONE OR NOT?
I REALLY DON'T GET YOU.
MOST GIRLS HAVE SEX TOO SOON
BECAUSE THEY'RE INSECURE.
BUT YOU -- YOU SEEM TO HAVE
THE OPPOSITE PROBLEM --
TOO MUCH SELF-ESTEEM.
WELL, AWESOMENESS
IS MY CROSS TO BEAR.
SO, THEN, WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO PROVE
SO DESPERATELY WITH HUNTER?
OR ARE YOU AFRAID
THAT IF YOU WAIT TOO LONG,
HE'LL REALIZE HOW HORRIBLE
YOU TRULY ARE
AND NEVER WANT TO HAVE SEX
WITH YOU?
OH, I'M NOT THE ONE
WHO'S DESPERATE.
HAVE YOU SEEN YOURSELF
WITH LEO?
WHAT IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
WHENEVER HE'S AROUND,
YOU'RE ALWAYS TRYING TO HIDE
YOUR WEIRD REXINESS,
TRYING TO PASS OFF
AS NORMAL.
[ CHUCKLES ] NEWS FLASH --
A NORMAL TEENAGER
WOULD BE DOING IT BY NOW.
YEAH, WELL,
A REAL RELATIONSHIP
IS ABOUT GETTING TO KNOW SOMEONE
ON A LEVEL DEEPER THAN SEX.
REAL RELATIONSHIPS?
YOU MEAN THE KIND
WHERE YOU BARE YOUR SOUL
TO THE OTHER PERSON
AND LET THEM SEE THE REAL YOU?
GO AHEAD,
SLUT-SHAME ME ALL YOU WANT.
BUT I'M NOT THE ONE LYING
TO MY SO-CALLED BOYFRIEND
ON A DAILY BASIS.
HOW REAL CAN YOUR RELATIONSHIP
BE IF IT'S BASED ON A LIE?
SO, YOUR KIDS
ARE IN COLLEGE?
UH-HUH.
WOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S GREAT.
IT'S A LOT OF FREEDOM.
OH, YEAH.
MY WIFE AND I -- WELL [CHUCKLES]
MY FIRST WIFE...
[ LAUGHS ]
MM!
...STARTED YOUNG.
OH, YEAH.
SO H-HOW MANY WIVES DO YOU
HAVE -- OR HAVE YOU HAD?
UNLESS YOU'RE
STILL...MARRIED?
WHAT WAS THAT?
UH, NOTHING.
BRITTANY.
OH, HI.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
ARE YOU DRINKING?
UM...
I MEAN, THAT'S -- THAT'S --
THAT'S PRETTY CARELESS
WHEN YOU'RE CARRYING
OUR BABY.
Y-YOUR WHAT?
HIS BABY.
I'M A SURROGATE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
MM, YES.
YEAH.
HE'S GAY.
OH.
YES. HE AND HIS PARTNER,
ALAN,
WERE WAITING ON AN ADOPTION
TO GO THROUGH LAST YEAR,
AND IT FELL THROUGH
AT THE LAST MINUTE.
AND THEIR STORY WAS JUST
SO HEARTBREAKING,
I COULDN'T SAY NO,
ESPECIALLY SINCE ALAN AND I
USED TO BE COLLEGE SWEETHEARTS.
ALAN IS BI.
HE'S A BISEXUAL.
OKAY, UM...
I'M -- I'M GONNA LET YOU TWO
GUYS WORK THIS OUT.
UM...
YEAH, THAT'S OKAY.
THANK YOU.
YEAH, NICE MEETING YOU.
YOU TOO. YEAH.
I'M VERY SORRY.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
GOOD LUCK. YEAH, SURE.
OH.
YEAH.
YEAH. THANKS.
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT -- THAT STORY
WAS INCREDIBLE.
[ Chuckling ] OH, NO.
THANK YOU FOR SAVING ME.
NO. YOU DID
THE HEAVY LIFTING.
I'M GLAD I COULD HELP.
I WAS A FAN.
[ LAUGHS ]
HEY, DOC. USUAL?
UH, YES.
AND WHATEVER SHE'S HAVING.
THANK YOU.
Delaney:
OH, HEY, DYING VIRGIN BOY...
YOU WANT TO PRICK ME?
WHAT? YEAH.
WAIT, WHAT?
HERE. [ Singsong voice ]
LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
COME HERE.
HOLD THIS.
ARE YOU SUPPOSED
TO HAVE THIS?
OH.
OKAY.
ALL SET. DO ME.
YOU WANT ME TO PIERCE
YOUR BELLYBUTTON?
UH-HUH, ON THREE.
1, 2...
NO, WAIT.
MM!
OOH! 3.
THIS IS INSANE.
[ GRUNTS ]
OOH!
THANKS FOR THE ASSIST.
WAIT.
ARE YOU REALLY A VIRGIN?
[ SCOFFS ]
COME ON, NOW, BABY DOLL.
WHY WOULD I LIE ABOUT SOMETHING
SO EMBARRASSING?
SO, IF WE HAVE SEX RIGHT NOW,
THIS IS POTENTIALLY SOMETHING
YOU'RE GONNA REMEMBER
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE?
[ SCOFFS ]
I'M ALREADY GONNA REMEMBER THIS
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
GOOD ANSWER.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
DUDE!
SERIOUSLY?!
[ PILLS RATTLE ]
HELLO, FRIENDS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I ONLY SEE EIGHT PILLS HERE.
THAT'S ALL I COULD GET.
EIGHT PILLS, EIGHT MINUTES.
ALL I NEED IS FIVE MINUTES.
NOT A SELLING POINT.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU DID GOOD.
COME SIT.
[ DING! ]
THEY SAY THREE'S COMPANY.
ACTUALLY, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THAT MEANS.
PLAY ME SOMETHING.
UM, I THOUGHT THE DEAL WAS
I WOULD GET TO PLAY
FOR YOUR MANAGER.
YEAH, YOU WILL.
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO GET
THROUGH ME FIRST.
YO, MAN, THIS BETTER BE THE
SHORTEST SONG IN THE WORLD.
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH-OH ♪
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
WE LIVE ♪
♪ YOU KNOW,
LIVING ON A SHOESTRING ♪
♪ THIS IS THE FIGHT
WE'RE IN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW,
DANCING IN A BULLRING ♪
♪ IT'S ALL INSIDE A BREATH,
SO LET'S NOT GO WASTING IT ♪
♪ 'CAUSE THERE'S JUST ONE LIFE
WE GET ♪
♪ YOU KNOW,
YOU KNOW, KNOW, KNOW ♪
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH-OH ♪
♪ NOW IT'S FOREVER ♪
NO BOOK?
NO BOOK.
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
WE HAVEN'T HAD THE BEST LUCK,
YOU AND ME, YOU KNOW?
SUPPLY CLOSETS,
STRIP JOINTS,
ONE TRULY TERRIBLE
HOMECOMING DANCE.
SO, UH, I DECIDED TO START
AT THE VERY BEGINNING.
I SEE.
SO YOU'RE H.G. WELLS,
AND THIS IS SOME SORT
OF TIME MACHINE?
EXACTLY.
AND TONIGHT, EMMA,
ON THIS ROOF,
YOU AND I ARE GONNA HAVE THE
FIRST DATE WE SHOULD HAVE HAD,
YOU KNOW,
IF WE MET OUT THERE.
OH, REALLY?
REALLY.
AND ON OUR FIRST DATE,
BECAUSE I'M BOTH A BIG SPENDER
AND A GENTLEMAN,
I WOULD HAVE TAKEN YOU TO THE
BEST RESTAURANT IN BAKERSFIELD.
WHICH ISN'T SAYING MUCH,
I KNOW,
BUT, UH,
YOU GET THE DRIFT --
WHITE TABLECLOTHS,
SHRIMP COCKTAILS, ALL THAT.
OR SHRIMP PAD THAI FROM THE
PLACE NEXT DOOR TO THE HOSPITAL?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
I HAD TO IMPROVISE A BIT.
I LIKE IT.
IT'S LIKE WHEN THE PEANUTS TRIED
TO HAVE THANKSGIVING.
WELL, THAT'S NOT EXACTLY
THE EFFECT I WAS GOING FOR,
BUT I'LL TAKE IT.
SO, JUST OUT OF CURIOSITY,
HOW DID WE MEET?
OUT THERE, I MEAN.
FORENSICS --
SPEECH AND DEBATE,
NOT THE DEAD-BODY KIND.
WE HAD THIS TOURNAMENT
AT THIS SNOTTY GIRLS' SCHOOL,
WHERE YOU WERE A SCHOLARSHIP
STUDENT, OBVIOUSLY.
UH, WHAT WAS THAT PLACE
CALLED AGAIN?
MARLBOROUGH.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU DID
SPEECH AND DEBATE.
WELL, SEE? THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT FIRST DATES ARE FOR --
LEARNING INCREDIBLY BORING
THINGS ABOUT EACH OTHER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
AND WHAT HAPPENED --
I GOT LOST...
WHILE LOOKING
FOR THE BATHROOM.
AND THERE YOU WERE,
SITTING BY YOURSELF
IN THE LIBRARY.
SO, DID YOU WIN
THE TOURNAMENT?
NO. NO, BUT, UH...I MET YOU,
SO...
I DON'T CARE.
DO YOU SMELL SMOKE?
OH, MY GOD, LEO, YOUR LEG!
I KNOW LOVE CAN SOMETIMES
BE DESCRIBED AS BURNING,
BUT THERE'S NOTHING ROMANTIC
ABOUT THIS MOMENT.
HONESTLY, IF THAT IS WHAT
ONLINE DATING IS LIKE,
I DON'T THINK I'M READY.
NO. NO ONE EVER IS.
THAT'S TRUE.
YEAH.
BUT WHAT'S
THE ALTERNATIVE?
JUST DYING ALONE.
DARK.
WHOA!
I'M SORRY.
THAT WAS DARK.
YOU SHOULD NOT BE COMING TO ME
FOR ADVICE RIGHT NOW.
ACCORDING TO
MY EX-GIRLFRIEND,
I'M CHILDISH, I'M IMMATURE,
I'M SELFISH.
SELFISH?
MM-HMM.
NO. YOU ARE A DOCTOR
WHO HELPS SICK CHILDREN.
UH, YOU'RE AMAZING.
MM.
I'M SURE YOU'VE MADE
SOME MISTAKES.
WE ALL DO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON,
DR. McANDREW, I CAN TELL.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
BRITTANY.
SORRY.
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
DO NOT APOLOGIZE, NO.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE NERVOUSLY ]
WE CAN'T.
No!
YEAH. OF COURSE.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
YEAH.
Hunter: WHERE YOU BEEN?
I HAVE SEARCHED HIGH AND LOW,
BUT NO CONDOMS.
NO PROBLEM.
TURNS OUT S.T.I.s ARE ON THE
RISE IN THE GERIATRIC WARD.
THEY HAVE A HUGE CONTAINER OF
THEM AT THE NURSES' STATION.
THEY'RE BASICALLY
GIVING THEM AWAY
LIKE MINTS
AT A CHINESE RESTAURANT.
NOT EXACTLY THE REACTION
I EXPECTED.
LOOK, I FEEL LIKE I HAVE TO
ADMIT SOMETHING TO YOU.
I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE.
YOU'VE GOT SOME TERRIBLE
DISEASE, RIGHT?
NO, WAIT. THAT'S ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
EITHER WAY,
WE'RE TOTALLY SCREWED HERE.
YEAH, WE ARE.
BUT THE TRUTH IS,
I'VE NEVER BEEN
IN A RELATIONSHIP
THAT'S LASTED
MORE THAN THREE DAYS.
AND THAT'S NOT BECAUSE I JUMP
INTO BED TOO QUICKLY.
WAIT. WHO SAID THAT?
IT'S, PERSONALLY, BECAUSE
I THINK I GET BORED.
I GOT TO
ADMIT SOMETHING, TOO.
I DON'T ACTUALLY KNOW
WHAT DAY WE'RE ON,
HOW LONG
THIS IS GONNA LAST.
ALL WE HAVE IS NOW,
THIS MOMENT.
NOTHING ELSE IS GUARANTEED.
YEAH, BUT ISN'T THAT TRUE
FOR EVERYONE?
WHAT?
NOW YOU'RE, LIKE, MAD?
NO. YOU'RE RIGHT.
I NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT IT
THAT WAY.
SO MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST BE
LIKE THE MINDLESS MASSES
AND SEIZE SOME OTHER DAY,
LIKE...TOMORROW?
TOMORROW.
OF COURSE, I'VE NEVER WAITED
BEFORE, SO WHAT'S THAT LIKE?
JUST A BUNCH OF LAME
HAND-HOLDING?
[ CHUCKLES ]
PRETTY MUCH.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE BURNING UP.
NO, NO.
I'M JUST --
I'M JUST A LITTLE WARM.
ARE YOU SURE?
[ GASPS ] HUNTER,
HUNTER, HUNTER!
HELP, NURSE!
SOMEONE HELP!
♪ SO DON'T BE AFRAID ♪
♪ IT'S ALL GONNA BE OKAY ♪
[ STRUMMING GUITAR ]
SO, WHAT'S THE VERDICT?
YOU'RE GOOD.
YOU'RE REALLY GOOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT...I CAN'T INTRODUCE YOU
TO MY MANAGER.
SERIOUSLY?
WHY NOT?
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY DATES
I HAVE TO CANCEL
TO BE HERE?
MY MANAGER'S LOSING PATIENCE
WITH ME.
NEW BLOOD LIKE YOU COME IN,
AND [Chuckling]
I'M OUT FOR SURE.
YOU'RE A HUGE STAR.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY AFRAID
THAT THEY'RE GONNA LIKE ME
MORE THAN YOU?
NO, I KNOW THEY'LL LIKE YOU
MORE THAN ME.
YOU HAVE REAL TALENT.
YOU SHOULD NEVER
DOUBT THAT.
AND WHO KNOWS?
YOU KNOW, MAYBE ONE DAY
I'LL SEE YOU AT THE VMAs
OR SOMETHING --
YOU KNOW, IF YOU --
IF YOU DON'T, LIKE,
DIE OR SOMETHING.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'D SAY AT THIS POINT,
MY CHANCES ARE ABOUT
AS GOOD AS YOURS.
WAIT. HEY, HOLD ON.
[ SIGHS ]
HERE.
FOR THE PILLS.
THAT WASN'T OUR DEAL.
I-I DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY.
WELL...
THE MONEY'S ALL I HAVE,
SO TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
THOSE ARE HIS PARENTS,
RIGHT?
OH, GOD.
THIS MUST BE BAD.
THEY WOULDN'T HAVE CALLED HIS
PARENTS IN IF THIS WASN'T BAD.
CALM DOWN, KARA.
HE'S GONNA BE OKAY,
THOUGH, RIGHT?
JUST TELL ME
THAT HE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
PEOPLE WITH LIVER FAILURE
HAVE AN INCREASED RISK
OF INFECTION.
THAT'S ALL I CAN TELL YOU.
NOW, IT'S LATE.
GO BACK TO YOUR ROOM
AND GO TO BED.
YOU NEED YOUR REST, TOO.
WHAT? NO!
I'M STAYING HERE
SO I CAN SEE EVERYTHING.
I SAID IT'S LATE,
AND YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY UPSET.
OH, IS THIS BAD
FOR MY HEART?
NO.
IN THIS CASE,
IT'S A SIGN THAT IT'S
FUNCTIONING NORMALLY.
DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT I TOLD YOU
THIS MORNING?
THAT I SHOULDN'T HAVE SEX
BECAUSE I'LL HAVE A HEART ATTACK
AND DIE.
NO.
I SAID YOU WERE
GOING TO GET HURT.
MY JOB IS TO PROTECT
YOUR HEART, KARA,
IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY.
♪ THEY COULD COME ALONG ♪
♪ I WISH THEY'D BEEN TOLD ♪
♪ THEY MAY CALL IT
A SHOT IN THE DARK ♪
♪ FROM WHAT WE KNOW ♪
♪ IT'S NOT UNHEARD OF ♪
♪ AND WE'LL ONE DAY ♪
[ SMOOCHING ]
GOOD MORNING!
♪ TELL OUR STORY ♪
HEY.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
SO, UM, I-I, UH --
HOW DO YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS,
YOU KNOW, AT -- AT WORK?
UH, WELL...
I-I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW, I WAS --
I WAS HOPING THAT,
YOU KNOW,
WE COULD KEEP THIS BETWEEN US,
I MEAN, THIS --
[ LAUGHS ] WELL, I MEAN, SURE,
LIKE, YOU KNOW, AT FIRST.
BUT, UH, PEOPLE ARE GONNA
FIGURE IT OUT.
THEY'RE GONNA BE ABLE TO TELL
THAT WE'RE, YOU KNOW, TOGETHER.
[ LAUGHS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH, UM...
YEAH, I WAS, UH --
I WAS HOPING
THAT MAYBE THIS IS,
LIKE, MORE OF A, UH --
LIKE A ONE-TIME THING,
YOU KNOW?
HEY, YOU KNOW,
LIKE Y-Y-YOU GO OUT,
AND YOU HAVE --
YOU HAVE FUN.
YOU KNOW,
YOU LET SOME STEAM OFF.
NO. I...
I MEAN, NO, I DON'T.
BUT YOU DID.
YOU...
NO, UH, BRITTANY, I MEAN, UH,
THAT CAME OUT SO WRONG.
I'M SO SORRY FOR SAYING IT
LIKE -- OKAY, YOU'RE MAD.
UH, I UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU'RE MAD.
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE
LIKE THIS, BRITTANY.
THIS IS LIKE -- I MEAN,
GEEZ, HAVEN'T YOU EVER HAD
A ONE-NIGHT STAND BEFORE?
OW!
SO I GUESS THAT EXPLAINS
THE BLACK EYE.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
AS FOR THE BLACKENED LEG...
I WANTED TO STOP BY
AND GIVE YOU THIS.
IT'S THE ONLY THING
I MANAGED TO SAVE
FROM LAST NIGHT'S
CONFLAGRATION.
WHO NEEDS A PRESENT
WHEN YOU'VE GOT SOMEONE
WHO KNOWS HOW TO USE THE WORD
"CONFLAGRATION"?
I KNOW, AND IT'S MY WAY
OF SAYING I'M IN.
AND WE'LL GET THROUGH THIS,
YOU KNOW, WHATEVER HAPPENS.
CHOCOLATES?
YOU DON'T LIKE CHOCOLATE?
YOU DO UNDERSTAND
THAT I'M ANOREXIC, RIGHT?
I MEAN, DO YOU -- DO YOU
GET THAT ON ANY LEVEL?
GET WHAT?
I-I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I'M NOT GONNA EAT A BOX
OF FREAKING CHOCOLATE, LEO.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE BETTER.
THEY WOULDN'T BE SENDING
YOU HOME IF --
I'M NOT BETTER, OKAY?
I'M NOT BETTER!
AND I KEEP WAITING FOR
SOMEONE TO FIGURE THAT
OUT, AND THEY DON'T!
I MEAN,
OF COURSE THEY DON'T,
'CAUSE AS LONG AS I SAY
THE RIGHT THING
AND I ACT THE RIGHT WAY,
THEY'RE HAPPY,
BECAUSE THAT MEANS
THAT THEY CURED ME, RIGHT?
IT'S JUST LIKE WHEN I EAT
IN FRONT OF YOU.
YOU GET SO PROUD,
LIKE YOU'RE SOME TYPE OF HERO,
LIKE YOU FIXED ME
OR SOMETHING!
OH, MY GOD.
EMMA, I NEVER WANTED TO FIX YOU.
I JUST WANTED --
YOU WANTED ME TO BE NORMAL.
I KNOW. BUT I'M NOT,
AND I'M NEVER GONNA BE.
DON'T SAY THAT, EMMA.
I KNOW YOU, AND THIS --
NO, YOU DON'T!
I KEEP THINKING THAT YOU DO,
LEO, BUT YOU DON'T!
YOU NEVER HAVE,
AND YOU NEVER WILL.
YOUR CANCER'S GONE, LEO.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'RE GOING HOME.
AND WHEN YOU DO,
YOU CAN JUST FORGET ALL ABOUT ME
AND PRETEND LIKE THIS
NEVER HAPPENED.
LET ME JUST SAY THE ONLY REASON
WE'RE HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE
IS 'CAUSE YOU'RE SUCH
A KILLER ATHLETE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I DIDN'T SEE IT AT FIRST,
'CAUSE YOU WERE SLACKING OFF,
MISSING APPOINTMENTS.
I KNOW, UH,
I DIDN'T HAVE THE BEST ATTITUDE
AT FIRST.
BUT I'VE BEEN PLAYING SPORTS
MY WHOLE LIFE,
AND I KNOW THAT IF I APPLIED
THE SAME DISCIPLINE TO THIS,
EVERYTHING WILL JUST
GET EASIER.
THAT'S TRUE.
AND YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
EVERYONE'S BEEN AMAZED BY
THE PROGRESS AND THE DEDICATION.
BUT THE POWERS THAT BE
ARE THINKING
AT LEAST ONE MORE WEEK,
POSSIBLY TWO.
WHAT? [ SCOFFS ]
I'M SORRY, LEO.
I TRIED.
HERE'S ANOTHER CHOICE
THAT MIGHT NOT BE THE BEST --
TAKING DRUG MONEY
FROM A POP STAR.
BUT IT HELPED JORDI
GET WHERE HE'S GOING.
I'M NOT JUDGING.
♪ ...WHAT YOU THOUGHT ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
OH, MY GOD, WHAT HAPPENED?
UH, IT WAS A, UH,
BAR FIGHT.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE YOU.
DOESN'T IT?
IMMATURE, IRRESPONSIBLE,
SOPHOMORIC.
I MEAN,
THESE ARE JUST A-A FEW
OF THE GEMS THAT
YOU DROPPED YESTERDAY.
MM,
I NEVER SAID "SOPHOMORIC."
COME ON.
SIT DOWN, SIT DOWN.
ALL RIGHT. [ SIGHS ]
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY FOR YESTERDAY.
I'M SORRY FOR EVERYTHING.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHO BROKE UP WITH WHO.
THE POINT IS, IS THAT YOU WERE
RIGHT TO MOVE ON, AND --
YOU WERE RIGHT.
WHAT?
I STILL THINK ABOUT YOU.
BACK IN AFRICA,
I WAS CERTAIN ABOUT SAM,
AND NOW I DON'T KNOW.
AND I'M NOT GONNA SAY
ANYTHING ELSE,
BECAUSE THAT'S ALL
I'M SURE OF.
I'M JUST VERY...
CONFUSED. [ SIGHS ]
HEY. WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU SWITCHING ROOMS?
LOOK,
I KNOW YOU'RE MAD AT ME.
I JUST CAME TO SAY THAT...
YOU WERE WRONG.
I'M NOT GETTING OUT.
APPARENTLY,
I NEED MORE TIME.
BUT IT'S GOOD.
IT MEANS WE CAN WORK THIS OUT,
YOU KNOW, AND STILL BE
IN HERE TOGETHER.
ACTUALLY, NO.
I HAD MY MEETING
WITH DR. SAMUELS,
AND SHE SAID
THAT I COULD GO.
MY DAD'S HERE NOW.
HE'S FILLING OUT PAPERWORK.
THEY RELEASED YOU?
THEY DID.
EMMA, YOU CAN'T GO.
YOU'RE STILL SICK.
YOU CAN'T JUST LEAVE!
[ ZIPPER CLICKS ]
BUT I AM.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL, THAT'S DONE.
UH, YOU...
ALL PACKED UP?
YES.
DAD, THIS IS LEO.
PLEASED TO MEET YOU.
LEO, IS IT?
♪ WHAT IF I SAID I WOULD BREAK
YOUR HEART? ♪
SO, UM, UH,
I'LL GET THIS ONE, SWEETIE.
♪ WHAT IF I SAID I HAD PROBLEMS
THAT MADE ME MEAN? ♪
I SEE YOU!
EMMA, I KNOW YOU.
I-I KNOW YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH
TO DO THIS.
YOU JUST GOT TO -- YOU GOT
TO TELL SOMEBODY THE TRUTH.
PLEASE.
♪ MAYBE YOU CAN STOP
BEFORE THIS STARTS ♪
YOU COMING, SWEETIE?
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
ALL RIGHT.
♪ MAYBE YOU CAN SEE THAT I JUST
MAY BE TOO CRAZY TO LOVE ♪
♪ IF I TOLD YOU SOLITUDE
FITS ME LIKE A GLOVE ♪
♪ WOULD YOU LET ME OUT? ♪
IT WAS NICE TO MEET YOU.
♪ YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHERE I'M COMING FROM ♪
♪ I WAS ALONE
WHEN I BURNED MY HOME ♪
♪ AND ALL OF THE PIECES
WERE TORN AND THROWN ♪
♪ YOU SHOULD KNOW
WHERE I'M COMING FROM ♪
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com